wcSsBuilder
===========

A screen shot builder of WeChat.

Not any idea? Here is an image(generated by this tool): 

https://github.com/archcra/wcSsBuilder/wiki

When we chat via WeChat, there are always some dialogs worth memo. 

But the screen scrolls, the sparks hide in somewhere. If we take a screen shot,

surely we can memo them. But there maybe not suitable time or in-time to take screen shot.

Some dialogs are longer than on screen.

And, some dialogs we plan to filter out. We just want the digest.

So, this tool will help.

It can:

Define group name/member number as you want.
Set system time as you want.
Set as many dialogs as you want in one screen( but too large can bring other issues).
Set the profile icons as you want.
Set anyone as the owner.
Set any images

If you still have no idea what this is about, then, maybe the samples will make you clear. 

INSTALLATION:
  Down the full files. Open the 'index.html' with a browser to check the result.

USAGE:
  Edit the 'index.html' with a text editor, change this line only: 
           <script src="js/scenario102.js"></script>
  Of course, you there must a scenario file ready to use (or an example file to demo). 
  The scenario file has syntax rules - it is a javascript file. And, it has some rules?
  What are they? Please modify it based on the sample (or can be called template). Any 
  problems, feel free to mail me.

ISSUE:
  Although the image can be generated automatically, export it is of some difficulty.
  






